SHOW IN TELEVISION HISTORY. THIS IS "MEET THE PRESS" WITH
THIS IS "MEET THE PRESS" WITH CHUCK TODD.
CHUCK TODD. >>> GOOD SUNDAY MORNING.
>>> GOOD SUNDAY MORNING. SHE WAS A REALITY TV STAR WHO
SHE WAS A REALITY TV STAR WHO WOUND UP WORKING IN A REALITY TV
WOUND UP WORKING IN A REALITY TV STAR’S WHITE HOUSE.
STAR’S WHITE HOUSE. BY HER OWN ADMISSION, OMAROSA
BY HER OWN ADMISSION, OMAROSA MANIGAULT NEWMAN AND DONALD
MANIGAULT NEWMAN AND DONALD TRUMP USED EACH OTHER.
TRUMP USED EACH OTHER. SHE WRITES, WE HAD A SYMBIOTIC
SHE WRITES, WE HAD A SYMBIOTIC RELATIONSHIP.
RELATIONSHIP. I GAVE HIM RATINGS AND HE GAVE
I GAVE HIM RATINGS AND HE GAVE ME A WOMAN OF COLOR
ME A WOMAN OF COLOR OPPORTUNITIES.
OPPORTUNITIES. THAT RELATIONSHIP STARTED ON
THAT RELATIONSHIP STARTED ON "THE APPRENTICE" IN 2004 AND
"THE APPRENTICE" IN 2004 AND CONTINUED THROUGH A SERIES OF
CONTINUED THROUGH A SERIES OF REALITY TV SHOWS.
REALITY TV SHOWS. >> I ADORE YOU.
>> I ADORE YOU. WE HAVE HAD TREMENDOUS SUCCESS
WE HAVE HAD TREMENDOUS SUCCESS TOGETHER.
TOGETHER. YOU HELPED MAKE ME A STAR.
YOU HELPED MAKE ME A STAR. DENNIS, SHE HELPED TO MAKE ME A
DENNIS, SHE HELPED TO MAKE ME A STAR.
STAR. BUT OMAROSA, YOU’RE FIRED.
BUT OMAROSA, YOU’RE FIRED. >> IN 2016, SHE JOINED THE TRUMP
>> IN 2016, SHE JOINED THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AS DIRECTOR OF
CAMPAIGN AS DIRECTOR OF AFRICAN-AMERICAN OUTREACH.
AFRICAN-AMERICAN OUTREACH. ON THE TRAIL AND SUBSEQUENTLY AS
ON THE TRAIL AND SUBSEQUENTLY AS THE MOST SENIOR AFRICAN-AMERICAN
THE MOST SENIOR AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN ON THE WHITE HOUSE STAFF.
WOMAN ON THE WHITE HOUSE STAFF. AND SHE BECAME ONE OF MR.
AND SHE BECAME ONE OF MR. TRUMP’S MOST VOCAL SUPPORTERS.
TRUMP’S MOST VOCAL SUPPORTERS. >> WHEN I SAY TRUMP TRAIN, I
>> WHEN I SAY TRUMP TRAIN, I WANT YOU WANT TO SAY CHOO-CHOO.
WANT YOU WANT TO SAY CHOO-CHOO. Y’ALL READY?
Y’ALL READY? EVERY CRITIC, EVERY DETRACTOR
EVERY CRITIC, EVERY DETRACTOR WILL HAVE TO BOW DOWN TO
WILL HAVE TO BOW DOWN TO PRESIDENT TRUMP.
PRESIDENT TRUMP. I HAD AN HONOR TO TRAVEL AROUND
I HAD AN HONOR TO TRAVEL AROUND THE COUNTRY WITH THE PRESIDENT
THE COUNTRY WITH THE PRESIDENT FOR THE LAST TWO YEARS.
FOR THE LAST TWO YEARS. YOU ALL KNOW HIM AS THE
YOU ALL KNOW HIM AS THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. I KNOW HIM AS A FRIEND.
I KNOW HIM AS A FRIEND. I KNOW HIS HEART.
I KNOW HIS HEART. >> BUT SINCE SHE WAS FIRED IN
>> BUT SINCE SHE WAS FIRED IN DECEMBER, SHE’S TURNED ON
DECEMBER, SHE’S TURNED ON PRESIDENT TRUMP AND NOW IN HER
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND NOW IN HER NEW BOOK SHE CALLS HIM A RACIST,
NEW BOOK SHE CALLS HIM A RACIST, A BIGOT AND A MISOGYNIST AND
A BIGOT AND A MISOGYNIST AND SAID HE’S LOSING HIS MENTAL
SAID HE’S LOSING HIS MENTAL FACULTIES.
FACULTIES. THE WHITE HOUSE SAID THIS IS
THE WHITE HOUSE SAID THIS IS RIDDLED WITH LIES IT’S SAD THAT
RIDDLED WITH LIES IT’S SAD THAT A DISGRUNTLED FORMER WHITE HOUSE
A DISGRUNTLED FORMER WHITE HOUSE EMPLOYEE IS TRYING TO PROFIT OFF
EMPLOYEE IS TRYING TO PROFIT OFF THE FALSE ATTACKS.
THE FALSE ATTACKS. AND OMAROSA HAS A RECORDING THAT
AND OMAROSA HAS A RECORDING THAT SHE SAYS SHE RECENTLY MADE --
SHE SAYS SHE RECENTLY MADE -- THAT SHE SECRETLY MADE OF HER
THAT SHE SECRETLY MADE OF HER FIRING BY JOHN KELLY.
FIRING BY JOHN KELLY. >> WE WANT TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT
>> WE WANT TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT LEAVING THE WHITE HOUSE.
LEAVING THE WHITE HOUSE. IT’S COME TO MY ATTENTION OVER
IT’S COME TO MY ATTENTION OVER THE LAST FEW MONTHS THAT THERE’S
THE LAST FEW MONTHS THAT THERE’S BEEN SOME PRETTY IN MY OPINION
BEEN SOME PRETTY IN MY OPINION SIGNIFICANT INTEGRITY ISSUES.
SIGNIFICANT INTEGRITY ISSUES. >> YOU’LL HEAR MORE OF THAT
>> YOU’LL HEAR MORE OF THAT RECORDING IN A MOMENT.
RECORDING IN A MOMENT. SO OMAROSA MANIGAULT NEWMAN,
SO OMAROSA MANIGAULT NEWMAN, FORMER ASSISTANT TO MR. TRUMP
FORMER ASSISTANT TO MR. TRUMP JOINS ME NOW.
JOINS ME NOW. >> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME,
>> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME, CHUCK.
CHUCK. >> WELCOME TO "MEET THE PRESS."
>> WELCOME TO "MEET THE PRESS." LET ME START WITH WHAT YOU
LET ME START WITH WHAT YOU DESCRIBE AS A YEAR LONG EFFORT
DESCRIBE AS A YEAR LONG EFFORT TO LEARN THE TRUTH ABOUT A RUMOR
TO LEARN THE TRUTH ABOUT A RUMOR THAT DONALD TRUMP HAS BEEN
THAT DONALD TRUMP HAS BEEN CAUGHT ON TAPE USING THE "N"
CAUGHT ON TAPE USING THE "N" WORD ON THE "THE APPRENTICE."
WORD ON THE "THE APPRENTICE." ON THIS PHONE CONVERSATION I WAS
ON THIS PHONE CONVERSATION I WAS TOLD EXACTLY WHAT DONALD TRUMP
TOLD EXACTLY WHAT DONALD TRUMP SAID, YES, THE "N" WORD AND
SAID, YES, THE "N" WORD AND OTHERS IN A CLASSIC TRUMP GOES
OTHERS IN A CLASSIC TRUMP GOES NUCLEAR RANT.
NUCLEAR RANT. AND WHEN HE SAID THEM DURING
AND WHEN HE SAID THEM DURING PRODUCTION HE WAS MIKED AND
PRODUCTION HE WAS MIKED AND THERE’S AN AUDIO TRACK.
THERE’S AN AUDIO TRACK. FOR OVER A YEAR I WAS SO AFRAID
FOR OVER A YEAR I WAS SO AFRAID OF HEARING THE SPECIFICS OF
OF HEARING THE SPECIFICS OF SOMEONE FROM THE ROOM, HEARING
SOMEONE FROM THE ROOM, HEARING THE TRUTH FREED FROM THAT FEAR.
THE TRUTH FREED FROM THAT FEAR. DID YOU HEAR THE TAPE OR DID YOU
DID YOU HEAR THE TAPE OR DID YOU HEAR A DESCRIPTION OF THE TAPE?
HEAR A DESCRIPTION OF THE TAPE? >> WELL, FIRST OF ALL, THANK YOU
>> WELL, FIRST OF ALL, THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME ON.
FOR HAVING ME ON. AND IN THIS BOOK, I DESCRIBE
AND IN THIS BOOK, I DESCRIBE THIS LONG JOURNEY OF HEARING
THIS LONG JOURNEY OF HEARING THESE RUMORS OVER AND OVER
THESE RUMORS OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
AGAIN. AND WHEN I HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO
AND WHEN I HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO MEET UP WITH THREE DIFFERENT
MEET UP WITH THREE DIFFERENT SOURCES, THEY DESCRIBED THE SAME
SOURCES, THEY DESCRIBED THE SAME EXACT STATEMENTS.
EXACT STATEMENTS. AFTER I CLOSED THE BOOK, I HAD
AFTER I CLOSED THE BOOK, I HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO GO OUT IN LOS
AN OPPORTUNITY TO GO OUT IN LOS ANGELES AND SIT DOWN WITH THE
ANGELES AND SIT DOWN WITH THE PERSON WHO ACTUALLY HAS A COPY
PERSON WHO ACTUALLY HAS A COPY OF THE TAPE AND I HEARD HIS
OF THE TAPE AND I HEARD HIS VOICE AS CLEAR AS YOU AND I ARE
VOICE AS CLEAR AS YOU AND I ARE SITTING HERE.
SITTING HERE. >> YOU HAVE HEARD THE TAPE?
>> YOU HAVE HEARD THE TAPE? >> I HAD HEARD THE TAPE --
>> I HAD HEARD THE TAPE -- >> SINCE PUBLICATION OF THIS
>> SINCE PUBLICATION OF THIS BOOK?
BOOK? >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. >> SO YOU KNOW IT EXISTS?
>> SO YOU KNOW IT EXISTS? >> I KNOW IT EXISTS AND WHAT I
>> I KNOW IT EXISTS AND WHAT I REGRET IS THAT THESE PEOPLE ARE
REGRET IS THAT THESE PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO LEVERAGE IT AS THIS
TRYING TO LEVERAGE IT AS THIS OCTOBER SURPRISE.
OCTOBER SURPRISE. I DON’T WANT TO BE A PART OF
I DON’T WANT TO BE A PART OF THAT.
THAT. BUT I HAD HEARD FOR TWO YEARS
BUT I HAD HEARD FOR TWO YEARS THAT IT EXISTED AND ONCE I HEARD
THAT IT EXISTED AND ONCE I HEARD IT FOR MYSELF IT WAS CONFIRMED
IT FOR MYSELF IT WAS CONFIRMED WHAT I FEARED THE MOST -- THAT
WHAT I FEARED THE MOST -- THAT TRUMP IS A CON AND HAS BEEN
TRUMP IS A CON AND HAS BEEN MASQUERADING AS SOMEONE WHO IS
MASQUERADING AS SOMEONE WHO IS OPEN TO ENGAGING WITH DIVERSE
OPEN TO ENGAGING WITH DIVERSE COMMUNITIES.
COMMUNITIES. BUT WHEN HE TALKS THAT WAY, THE
BUT WHEN HE TALKS THAT WAY, THE WAY HE DID ON THIS TAPE IT
WAY HE DID ON THIS TAPE IT CONFIRMED THAT HE IS TRULY A
CONFIRMED THAT HE IS TRULY A RACIST.
RACIST. >> WHY DIDN’T YOU GET THAT IN
>> WHY DIDN’T YOU GET THAT IN YOUR BOOK?
YOUR BOOK? >> IT CLOSED TOO SOON AND THIS
>> IT CLOSED TOO SOON AND THIS PERSON IS SO AFRAID BECAUSE OF
PERSON IS SO AFRAID BECAUSE OF THE FORCES WHO ARE WORKING TO
THE FORCES WHO ARE WORKING TO KEEP THIS TAPE FROM COMING OUT.
KEEP THIS TAPE FROM COMING OUT. I MEAN, WE FIRST HEARD ABOUT IT
I MEAN, WE FIRST HEARD ABOUT IT IN THE FALL OF 2016.
IN THE FALL OF 2016. GOT ON A CONFERENCE CALL WITH
GOT ON A CONFERENCE CALL WITH KATRINA PIERSON, LYNNE PATTON
KATRINA PIERSON, LYNNE PATTON AND JASON MILLER AS YOU WILL SEE
AND JASON MILLER AS YOU WILL SEE IN THE BOOK AND THEY ALL
IN THE BOOK AND THEY ALL SUSPECTED IT WAS TRUE.
SUSPECTED IT WAS TRUE. IN FACT, KATRINA PEARSON, THE
IN FACT, KATRINA PEARSON, THE SPOKESWOMAN FOR THE CAMPAIGN
SPOKESWOMAN FOR THE CAMPAIGN SAID HE SAID IT.
SAID HE SAID IT. IT’S TRUE.
IT’S TRUE. >> SHE HEARD HIM SAY IT.
>> SHE HEARD HIM SAY IT. SHE DENIED --
SHE DENIED -- >> I MEAN, SHE KNOWS I HAVE
>> I MEAN, SHE KNOWS I HAVE RECEIPTS.
RECEIPTS. I THINK SHE SHOULD PROBABLY READ
I THINK SHE SHOULD PROBABLY READ THE BOOK FIRST AND THEN HEAR
THE BOOK FIRST AND THEN HEAR HERSELF SAYING IT.
HERSELF SAYING IT. >> BEFORE LISTENING TO THAT
>> BEFORE LISTENING TO THAT TAPE, BEFORE GETTING THE TAPE
TAPE, BEFORE GETTING THE TAPE THAT YOU DESCRIBED, HAD YOU --
THAT YOU DESCRIBED, HAD YOU -- WERE YOU EVER IN HIS PRESENCE
WERE YOU EVER IN HIS PRESENCE WHEN HE USED A RACIAL SLUR?
WHEN HE USED A RACIAL SLUR? >> YOU KNOW, I WAS IN HIS
>> YOU KNOW, I WAS IN HIS PRESENCE WHEN HE SAID
PRESENCE WHEN HE SAID INAPPROPRIATE THINGS BUT NEVER
INAPPROPRIATE THINGS BUT NEVER USED THE "N" WORD IN MY PRESENCE
USED THE "N" WORD IN MY PRESENCE EVER.
EVER. >> LET ME MOVE ON.
>> LET ME MOVE ON. YOU SAID THAT THE BETRAYAL --
YOU SAID THAT THE BETRAYAL -- THE IDEA THAT HE MIGHT HAVE USED
THE IDEA THAT HE MIGHT HAVE USED THIS WORD, THAT IT WOULD BE THIS
THIS WORD, THAT IT WOULD BE THIS BETRAYAL BECAUSE HE MIGHT HAVE
BETRAYAL BECAUSE HE MIGHT HAVE USED IT ABOUT YOU.
USED IT ABOUT YOU. >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. >> DO YOU BELIEVE HE USED IT
>> DO YOU BELIEVE HE USED IT ABOUT YOU?
ABOUT YOU? >> POSSIBLY.
>> POSSIBLY. BECAUSE TRUMP TALKS ABOUT
BECAUSE TRUMP TALKS ABOUT EVERYONE BEHIND THEIR BACKS.
EVERYONE BEHIND THEIR BACKS. HE HAS A NICKNAME FOR EVERYONE
HE HAS A NICKNAME FOR EVERYONE IN HIS ADMINISTRATION AND HIS
IN HIS ADMINISTRATION AND HIS CIRCLE.
CIRCLE. IN FACT, YESTERDAY, ON THIS
IN FACT, YESTERDAY, ON THIS MOMENT BEFORE CHARLOTTESVILLE,
MOMENT BEFORE CHARLOTTESVILLE, THE ANNIVERSARY OF
THE ANNIVERSARY OF CHARLOTTESVILLE INSTEAD OF
CHARLOTTESVILLE INSTEAD OF TALKING ABOUT HOW TO UNIFY THE
TALKING ABOUT HOW TO UNIFY THE NATION HE ACTUALLY INSULTED ME
NATION HE ACTUALLY INSULTED ME BY CALLING ME A LOW LIFE.
BY CALLING ME A LOW LIFE. THAT IS A MAN WHO IS INCLINED TO
THAT IS A MAN WHO IS INCLINED TO START RACIALLY CHARGED
START RACIALLY CHARGED ENGAGEMENT AND USE RACE TO KIND
ENGAGEMENT AND USE RACE TO KIND OF STIR UP HIS BASE.
OF STIR UP HIS BASE. >> HERE’S WHAT I THINK A LOT OF
>> HERE’S WHAT I THINK A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE GOING TO HAVE TROUBLE
PEOPLE ARE GOING TO HAVE TROUBLE WITH.
WITH. HE HAS SAID A LOT OF RACIAL
HE HAS SAID A LOT OF RACIAL THINGS.
THINGS. HE SAID A LOT OF RACIAL THINGS
HE SAID A LOT OF RACIAL THINGS DURING THE CAMPAIGN CALLING
DURING THE CAMPAIGN CALLING MEXICAN RAPISTS.
MEXICAN RAPISTS. ATTACKING A FEDERAL JUDGE
ATTACKING A FEDERAL JUDGE BECAUSE HE WAS HISPANIC.
BECAUSE HE WAS HISPANIC. YOU TALK ABOUT HIS OBSESSION
YOU TALK ABOUT HIS OBSESSION WITH THE QUOTE CENTRAL PARK FIVE
WITH THE QUOTE CENTRAL PARK FIVE MYTHOLOGY THERE.
MYTHOLOGY THERE. WE RE -- RETWEETING FALSE CRIME
WE RE -- RETWEETING FALSE CRIME STATISTICS.
STATISTICS. YOU SAID -- YOU ACKNOWLEDGE HE
YOU SAID -- YOU ACKNOWLEDGE HE DID THINGS THAT WERE RACIAL,
DID THINGS THAT WERE RACIAL, THAT HE USED RACE TO MANIPULATE
THAT HE USED RACE TO MANIPULATE PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. YOU HAVE SAID ALL THOSE THINGS
YOU HAVE SAID ALL THOSE THINGS AND THEN YOU WROTE THIS IN
AND THEN YOU WROTE THIS IN DECEMBER OF 2016.
DECEMBER OF 2016. I’M LIVING THE AMERICAN DREAM
I’M LIVING THE AMERICAN DREAM BECAUSE OF DONALD TRUMP.
BECAUSE OF DONALD TRUMP. LOOK AT THE WEALTH AND THE
LOOK AT THE WEALTH AND THE EXPOSURE THAT I HAD.
EXPOSURE THAT I HAD. IT’S HARD TO MAKE THE ARGUMENT
IT’S HARD TO MAKE THE ARGUMENT THAT DONALD TRUMP DOESN’T LIKE
THAT DONALD TRUMP DOESN’T LIKE BLACK PEOPLE AND BLACK WOMEN.
BLACK PEOPLE AND BLACK WOMEN. >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. BEING USED FOR DONALD TRUMP FOR
BEING USED FOR DONALD TRUMP FOR SO LONG I WAS LIKE THE FROG IN
SO LONG I WAS LIKE THE FROG IN THE HOT WATER.
THE HOT WATER. YOU DON’T KNOW THAT YOU’RE IN
YOU DON’T KNOW THAT YOU’RE IN THE SITUATION UNTIL IT KEEPS
THE SITUATION UNTIL IT KEEPS BUBBLING AND BUBBLING.
BUBBLING AND BUBBLING. IT IS CLEAR IN HINDSIGHT BECAUSE
IT IS CLEAR IN HINDSIGHT BECAUSE IT’S OF COURSE 20/20.
IT’S OF COURSE 20/20. AS I TALK ABOUT IN "UNHINGED"
AS I TALK ABOUT IN "UNHINGED" YOU SEE FROM 2003 WHEN I FIRST
YOU SEE FROM 2003 WHEN I FIRST MET DONALD TRUMP THE EVOLUTION
MET DONALD TRUMP THE EVOLUTION OF A VERY UNIQUE RELATIONSHIP
OF A VERY UNIQUE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN HE AND I AND I TALK
BETWEEN HE AND I AND I TALK INTIMATELY ABOUT THE THINGS THAT
INTIMATELY ABOUT THE THINGS THAT HE SAID.
HE SAID. HIS PLEDGE TO DO MORE FOR THE
HIS PLEDGE TO DO MORE FOR THE COMMUNITY.
COMMUNITY. HIS -- AS I SAID, INVESTMENT IN
HIS -- AS I SAID, INVESTMENT IN MY OWN CAREER.
MY OWN CAREER. BUT WHAT I KNOW NOW I DIDN’T
BUT WHAT I KNOW NOW I DIDN’T HAVE THE BENEFIT OF -- IN 2003
HAVE THE BENEFIT OF -- IN 2003 OR 2004 OR 2010.
OR 2004 OR 2010. SO YES, IT IS HINDSIGHT.
SO YES, IT IS HINDSIGHT. BUT I WILL SAY THIS TO YOU.
BUT I WILL SAY THIS TO YOU. I WAS COMPLICIT WITH THIS WHITE
I WAS COMPLICIT WITH THIS WHITE HOUSE DECEIVING THIS NATION.
HOUSE DECEIVING THIS NATION. THEY CONTINUE TO DECEIVE THIS
THEY CONTINUE TO DECEIVE THIS NATION BY HOW MENTALLY DECLINED
NATION BY HOW MENTALLY DECLINED HE IS.
HE IS. HOW DIFFICULT IT IS FOR HIM TO
HOW DIFFICULT IT IS FOR HIM TO PROCESS COMPLEX INFORMATION.
PROCESS COMPLEX INFORMATION. HOW HE IS NOT ENGAGED IN SOME OF
HOW HE IS NOT ENGAGED IN SOME OF THE MOST IMPORTANT DECISIONS
THE MOST IMPORTANT DECISIONS THAT IMPACTS OUR COUNTRY.
THAT IMPACTS OUR COUNTRY. I WAS COMPLICIT AND FOR THAT I
I WAS COMPLICIT AND FOR THAT I REGRET.
REGRET. >> ONE OF THE MOMENTS COMPLICITY
>> ONE OF THE MOMENTS COMPLICITY TOOK PLACE AFTER
TOOK PLACE AFTER CHARLOTTESVILLE.
CHARLOTTESVILLE. THIS IS THE PRESIDENT -- THE DAY
THIS IS THE PRESIDENT -- THE DAY AFTER CHARLOTTESVILLE, HE
AFTER CHARLOTTESVILLE, HE CONDEMNED THE EGREGIOUS DISPLAY
CONDEMNED THE EGREGIOUS DISPLAY OF HATRED, BIGOTRY AND VIOLENCE
OF HATRED, BIGOTRY AND VIOLENCE ON MANY SIDES.
ON MANY SIDES. HE HAD ALREADY USED THE FRAYED
HE HAD ALREADY USED THE FRAYED MANY SIDES.
MANY SIDES. TWO DAYS LATER YOU WERE ON FOX
TWO DAYS LATER YOU WERE ON FOX NEWS DEFENDING HIM.
NEWS DEFENDING HIM. HERE’S WHAT YOU SAID.
HERE’S WHAT YOU SAID. >> PRESIDENT TRUMP, HE SAID THAT
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP, HE SAID THAT HE CONDEMNED THE ACTS.
HE CONDEMNED THE ACTS. HE KNEW THAT THEY WERE
HE KNEW THAT THEY WERE DISGUSTING AND LOATHSOME.
DISGUSTING AND LOATHSOME. BUT HE DID COME OUT UNTIL THE
BUT HE DID COME OUT UNTIL THE FACTS WERE KNOWN ABOUT THE
FACTS WERE KNOWN ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION AND TODAY HE MADE
INVESTIGATION AND TODAY HE MADE A STATEMENT THAT WAS VERY CLEAR
A STATEMENT THAT WAS VERY CLEAR AND VERY DECISIVE ABOUT WHERE HE
AND VERY DECISIVE ABOUT WHERE HE STOOD ON THESE ACTS.
STOOD ON THESE ACTS. >> WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT,
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT, OMAROSA?
OMAROSA? >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. I MEAN AS YOU AID --
I MEAN AS YOU AID -- >> WAS THAT COMPLICIT?
>> WAS THAT COMPLICIT? >> TOTALLY COMPLICIT.
>> TOTALLY COMPLICIT. IN FACT, I HAD A BLIND SPOT
IN FACT, I HAD A BLIND SPOT WHERE IT CAME TO DONALD TRUMP.
WHERE IT CAME TO DONALD TRUMP. I WANTED TO SEE THE BEST IN HIM
I WANTED TO SEE THE BEST IN HIM AND OBVIOUSLY I FAILED MISERABLY
AND OBVIOUSLY I FAILED MISERABLY BECAUSE AFTER THAT HE GETS UP
BECAUSE AFTER THAT HE GETS UP AND HE SAYS THAT THERE ARE GOOD
AND HE SAYS THAT THERE ARE GOOD PEOPLE ON BOTH SIDES WHEN HE
PEOPLE ON BOTH SIDES WHEN HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN DENOUNCING WHAT
SHOULD HAVE BEEN DENOUNCING WHAT WE SAW AS CLEARLY RACIST, NAZIS,
WE SAW AS CLEARLY RACIST, NAZIS, GOING AGAINST THE GRAIN OF THIS
GOING AGAINST THE GRAIN OF THIS COUNTRY.
COUNTRY. AND IT’S JUST REALLY DIFFICULT
AND IT’S JUST REALLY DIFFICULT TO SEE THAT I WAS SO MUCH A PART
TO SEE THAT I WAS SO MUCH A PART OF THIS.
OF THIS. AND I ACCEPT AND I ADMIT THAT I
AND I ACCEPT AND I ADMIT THAT I WAS.
WAS. BUT NOW I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT
BUT NOW I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT THAT AS WE ARE CELEBRATING --
THAT AS WE ARE CELEBRATING -- WELL, ACTUALLY OBSERVING THE
WELL, ACTUALLY OBSERVING THE ANNIVERSARY OF CHARLOTTESVILLE
ANNIVERSARY OF CHARLOTTESVILLE THAT HE HAS AN OPPORTUNITY
THAT HE HAS AN OPPORTUNITY ACTUALLY TO BRING THE COUNTRY
ACTUALLY TO BRING THE COUNTRY TOGETHER.
TOGETHER. BUT YOU’LL SEE THAT HE DOESN’T
BUT YOU’LL SEE THAT HE DOESN’T HAVE THE ABILITY TO DO THAT
HAVE THE ABILITY TO DO THAT BECAUSE HE PUTS HIMSELF OVER
BECAUSE HE PUTS HIMSELF OVER COUNTRY EVERY DAY.
COUNTRY EVERY DAY. >> HERE’S WHAT MANY PEOPLE ARE
>> HERE’S WHAT MANY PEOPLE ARE SEEING THOUGH.
SEEING THOUGH. THAT AFTER CHARLOTTESVILLE YOU
THAT AFTER CHARLOTTESVILLE YOU DIDN’T RESIGN.
DIDN’T RESIGN. AND YES, YOU WANTED TO WORK ON
AND YES, YOU WANTED TO WORK ON THE -- I THINK HISTORIC BLACK
THE -- I THINK HISTORIC BLACK COLLEGE INITIATIVE.
COLLEGE INITIATIVE. I UNDERSTAND THAT.
I UNDERSTAND THAT. BUT THEN YOU DIDN’T LEAVE AFTER
BUT THEN YOU DIDN’T LEAVE AFTER THAT.
THAT. YOU DIDN’T LEAVE AFTER HE HAD
YOU DIDN’T LEAVE AFTER HE HAD THAT UNFORTUNATE CALL WITH THE
THAT UNFORTUNATE CALL WITH THE WIDOW OF THE DEAD SOLDIER.
WIDOW OF THE DEAD SOLDIER. YOU DIDN’T LEAVE AFTER HE CALLED
YOU DIDN’T LEAVE AFTER HE CALLED KNEELING NFL PLAYERS S.O.B.s.
KNEELING NFL PLAYERS S.O.B.s. THIS IS WHAT WAS WRITTEN IN THE
THIS IS WHAT WAS WRITTEN IN THE NEW YORKER ABOUT YOUR NEW
NEW YORKER ABOUT YOUR NEW PERSPECTIVE.
PERSPECTIVE. HER REALIZATION ABOUT THE
HER REALIZATION ABOUT THE TRUMP’S OUTLOOK APPEARS TO HAVE
TRUMP’S OUTLOOK APPEARS TO HAVE EMERGED DURING HER BOOK DEAL.
EMERGED DURING HER BOOK DEAL. IT’S A GLACIAL SELF-INTERESTED
IT’S A GLACIAL SELF-INTERESTED ONE.
ONE. THERE’S MANY PEOPLE HERE THAT
THERE’S MANY PEOPLE HERE THAT SAY YOU’RE NOW IDENTIFYING
SAY YOU’RE NOW IDENTIFYING HIMSELF AS A RACIST AFTER YOU
HIMSELF AS A RACIST AFTER YOU GOT YOUR BOOK DEAL.
GOT YOUR BOOK DEAL. THAT DO YOU SAY TO THE
THAT DO YOU SAY TO THE CRITICISM?
CRITICISM? >> FIRST OF ALL, I NEED TO PUSH
>> FIRST OF ALL, I NEED TO PUSH BACK ABOUT THAT.
BACK ABOUT THAT. FIRST OF ALL I’M AN AUTHOR.
FIRST OF ALL I’M AN AUTHOR. THIS IS MY THIRD BOOK.
THIS IS MY THIRD BOOK. I WRITE ABOUT MY LIFE AND SO THE
I WRITE ABOUT MY LIFE AND SO THE ASSERTION THAT I WOKE UP AND
ASSERTION THAT I WOKE UP AND DECIDED TO WRITE A BOOK WHEN
DECIDED TO WRITE A BOOK WHEN IT’S MY THIRD BOOK I HAVE TO
IT’S MY THIRD BOOK I HAVE TO PUSH ON THAT.
PUSH ON THAT. BUT CERTAINLY I WAS WORKING TO
BUT CERTAINLY I WAS WORKING TO TRY TO FIND SOMEONE WHO COULD
TRY TO FIND SOMEONE WHO COULD TAKE MY PLACE.
TAKE MY PLACE. I WAS THE ONLY AFRICAN-AMERICAN
I WAS THE ONLY AFRICAN-AMERICAN AT THE TABLE.
AT THE TABLE. IF I LEFT, WHICH I DID, WHEN I
IF I LEFT, WHICH I DID, WHEN I LEFT, THERE HAS BEEN NO NEW
LEFT, THERE HAS BEEN NO NEW APPOINTMENT OF AN
APPOINTMENT OF AN AFRICAN-AMERICAN ASSISTANT TO
AFRICAN-AMERICAN ASSISTANT TO THE PRESIDENT WHICH MEANS THAT
THE PRESIDENT WHICH MEANS THAT PEOPLE ARE MAKING DECISIONS
PEOPLE ARE MAKING DECISIONS ABOUT US WITHOUT US.
ABOUT US WITHOUT US. AND AS I WORKED TO TRY TO FIND
AND AS I WORKED TO TRY TO FIND THAT REPLACEMENT, I REALIZED
THAT REPLACEMENT, I REALIZED THAT THEY COULD CARE LESS ABOUT
THAT THEY COULD CARE LESS ABOUT HAVING AN AFRICAN-AMERICAN VOICE
HAVING AN AFRICAN-AMERICAN VOICE AT THE TABLE.
AT THE TABLE. AND TO THIS DAY, THERE IS NO ONE
AND TO THIS DAY, THERE IS NO ONE SERVING IN THAT ADMINISTRATION
SERVING IN THAT ADMINISTRATION IN THE ROLE THAT I WAS IN AND
IN THE ROLE THAT I WAS IN AND THAT’S A GREAT VOID.
THAT’S A GREAT VOID. SO THE PEOPLE WHO WANT TO JUDGE
SO THE PEOPLE WHO WANT TO JUDGE SHOULD READ THE BOOK FIRST AND
SHOULD READ THE BOOK FIRST AND GIVE ME AN OPPORTUNITY TO AT
GIVE ME AN OPPORTUNITY TO AT LEAST EXAMINE THE JOURNEY THAT I
LEAST EXAMINE THE JOURNEY THAT I WAS ON BEFORE MAKING DECISIONS
WAS ON BEFORE MAKING DECISIONS AND JUDGMENTS ABOUT MY STORY.
AND JUDGMENTS ABOUT MY STORY. >> I HAVE HEARD THE --
>> I HAVE HEARD THE -- >> THEY SHOULD READ IT FIRST.
>> THEY SHOULD READ IT FIRST. >> YOU KNOW, PART OF THE REASON
>> YOU KNOW, PART OF THE REASON THAT YOU’RE THERE IS TO STAND IN
THAT YOU’RE THERE IS TO STAND IN FRONT OF THE RACIAL FREIGHT
FRONT OF THE RACIAL FREIGHT TRAIN AND THAT YOU DIDN’T -- YOU
TRAIN AND THAT YOU DIDN’T -- YOU DIDN’T DO THAT.
DIDN’T DO THAT. THAT -- YOU HAVE ADMITTED THAT
THAT -- YOU HAVE ADMITTED THAT YOU WERE COMPLICIT --
YOU WERE COMPLICIT -- >> DESCRIBED MYSELF AS A
>> DESCRIBED MYSELF AS A GUARDRAIL IN THE BOOK.
GUARDRAIL IN THE BOOK. I’M NOT --
I’M NOT -- >> WERE YOU A GOOD GUARDRAIL?
>> WERE YOU A GOOD GUARDRAIL? >> I GOT BANGED UP A LOT.
>> I GOT BANGED UP A LOT. I GOT BANGED UP BY PEOPLE WHO
I GOT BANGED UP BY PEOPLE WHO THOUGHT THERE SHOULD BE NO
THOUGHT THERE SHOULD BE NO AFRICAN-AMERICANS IN THE
AFRICAN-AMERICANS IN THE ADMINISTRATION AND THEY’RE
ADMINISTRATION AND THEY’RE SEEING THE RESULT OF HAVING
SEEING THE RESULT OF HAVING ABSOLUTELY NO VOICE.
ABSOLUTELY NO VOICE. THAT IT IS IMPACTING THE
THAT IT IS IMPACTING THE POLICIES THAT AFFECT OUR
POLICIES THAT AFFECT OUR CHILDREN, INNER CITIES, POLICIES
CHILDREN, INNER CITIES, POLICIES THAT INFORM ALL THE THINGS THAT
THAT INFORM ALL THE THINGS THAT ARE HAPPENING IN REGARDS TO
ARE HAPPENING IN REGARDS TO CRIME.
CRIME. PARTICULARLY IN CHICAGO AS WE
PARTICULARLY IN CHICAGO AS WE SEE THE DEATHS.
SEE THE DEATHS. WITHOUT A VOICE THERE YOU’RE
WITHOUT A VOICE THERE YOU’RE GOING TO CONTINUE TO SEE THEM
GOING TO CONTINUE TO SEE THEM NEGLECT THE NEEDS OF A COMMUNITY
NEGLECT THE NEEDS OF A COMMUNITY THAT REALLY DOES NEED LEADERSHIP
THAT REALLY DOES NEED LEADERSHIP RIGHT NOW.
RIGHT NOW. >> ALL RIGHT.
>> ALL RIGHT. I WANT TO GO TO YOUR WHITE HOUSE
I WANT TO GO TO YOUR WHITE HOUSE COMMENT.
COMMENT. WE’LL START ON YOUR LAST DAY.
WE’LL START ON YOUR LAST DAY. WERE YOU FIRED OR DID YOU
WERE YOU FIRED OR DID YOU RESIGN?
RESIGN? WHAT’S THE STORY?
WHAT’S THE STORY? WHAT DO WE CALL THIS?
WHAT DO WE CALL THIS? >> IT’S PRETTY CLEAR FROM THAT
>> IT’S PRETTY CLEAR FROM THAT RECORDING THAT JOHN KELLY CAME
RECORDING THAT JOHN KELLY CAME IN AND SAID, THIS IS THE END.
IN AND SAID, THIS IS THE END. WE WANT YOU TO LEAVE.
WE WANT YOU TO LEAVE. BUT WHAT’S INTERESTING IS THEY
BUT WHAT’S INTERESTING IS THEY TAKE ME INTO THE SITUATION ROOM.
TAKE ME INTO THE SITUATION ROOM. THE DOORS ARE LOCKED.
THE DOORS ARE LOCKED. THEY TELL ME I CAN’T LEAVE.
THEY TELL ME I CAN’T LEAVE. AND THEY START TO THREATEN ME.
AND THEY START TO THREATEN ME. PUT FEAR IN ME.
PUT FEAR IN ME. TO PUT ME UNDER DURESS.
TO PUT ME UNDER DURESS. >> LOOK, I WANT TO PLAY THIS
>> LOOK, I WANT TO PLAY THIS TAPE.
TAPE. I’M CURIOUS, HOW IS IT -- YOU
I’M CURIOUS, HOW IS IT -- YOU RECORDED THE CHIEF OF STAFF --
RECORDED THE CHIEF OF STAFF -- >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. >> THE WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF
>> THE WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF IN THE SITUATION ROOM.
STAFF IN THE SITUATION ROOM. >> YES.
>> YES. >> THIS TAKES PLACE BEFORE THE
>> THIS TAKES PLACE BEFORE THE CAN --
CAN -- >> IN THE SITUATION ROOM.
>> IN THE SITUATION ROOM. >> YOU PREPARED IN A MOMENT’S
>> YOU PREPARED IN A MOMENT’S NOTICE TO RECORD HIM --
NOTICE TO RECORD HIM -- >> NO, FIRST OF ALL.
>> NO, FIRST OF ALL. I’M ON THE AFRICAN-AMERICAN
I’M ON THE AFRICAN-AMERICAN THERE.
THERE. WHEN YOU WALK INTO THE MEETING
WHEN YOU WALK INTO THE MEETING WITH JOHN KELLY WHO’S REFUSED TO
WITH JOHN KELLY WHO’S REFUSED TO MEET WITH ME THE WHOLE TIME HE’S
MEET WITH ME THE WHOLE TIME HE’S THERE, IN THE SITUATION ROOM,
THERE, IN THE SITUATION ROOM, CHUCK, WE’RE NOT GOING IN THERE
CHUCK, WE’RE NOT GOING IN THERE TO TALK ABOUT, YOU KNOW, PARKING
TO TALK ABOUT, YOU KNOW, PARKING OR SCHEDULING ISSUES.
OR SCHEDULING ISSUES. >> YOU KNEW THIS WAS --
>> YOU KNEW THIS WAS -- >> WE’RE GOING IN THERE TO TALK
>> WE’RE GOING IN THERE TO TALK ABOUT SOMETHING VERY SERIOUS.
ABOUT SOMETHING VERY SERIOUS. >> YOU’RE PREPARED TO TAPE?
>> YOU’RE PREPARED TO TAPE? >> I WAS PREPARED BECAUSE FIRST
>> I WAS PREPARED BECAUSE FIRST OF ALL JOHN KELLY HAD BEEN VERY
OF ALL JOHN KELLY HAD BEEN VERY VOCAL ABOUT TRYING TO FIND A
VOCAL ABOUT TRYING TO FIND A REASON TO LET ME GO.
REASON TO LET ME GO. HE HAD GONE TO THE PRESS INSTEAD
HE HAD GONE TO THE PRESS INSTEAD OF COMING TO ME, NEVER GIVING ME
OF COMING TO ME, NEVER GIVING ME AN OPPORTUNITY TO MEET WITH HIM.
AN OPPORTUNITY TO MEET WITH HIM. SO THE QUESTION IS WHY NOT HAVE
SO THE QUESTION IS WHY NOT HAVE THE MEETING IN THE CHIEF OF
THE MEETING IN THE CHIEF OF STAFF’S OFFICE?
STAFF’S OFFICE? WHY PUT ME IN THE SITUATION
WHY PUT ME IN THE SITUATION ROOM, LOCK THE DOOR AND TELL ME
ROOM, LOCK THE DOOR AND TELL ME OVER AND OVER AGAIN, YOU’LL HEAR
OVER AND OVER AGAIN, YOU’LL HEAR HIS PART, THAT I COULDN’T LEAVE.
HIS PART, THAT I COULDN’T LEAVE. THAT I COULDN’T CONSULT AN
THAT I COULDN’T CONSULT AN ATTORNEY.
ATTORNEY. THAT I COULDN’T TALK TO MY
THAT I COULDN’T TALK TO MY HUSBAND WHO WAS SITTING OUTSIDE
HUSBAND WHO WAS SITTING OUTSIDE OF THE DOOR.
OF THE DOOR. YES, I WAS PREPARED.
YES, I WAS PREPARED. AND AS YOU’LL SEE IN
AND AS YOU’LL SEE IN "UNHINGED" --
"UNHINGED" -- >> HOW OFTEN DID YOU TAPE
>> HOW OFTEN DID YOU TAPE PEOPLE?
PEOPLE? >> WAIT, CHUCK.
>> WAIT, CHUCK. IN "UNHINGED" I PROTECTED
IN "UNHINGED" I PROTECTED MYSELF.
MYSELF. BECAUSE THIS IS A WHITE HOUSE
BECAUSE THIS IS A WHITE HOUSE WHERE EVERYBODY LIES.
WHERE EVERYBODY LIES. THE PRESIDENT LIES TO THE
THE PRESIDENT LIES TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
AMERICAN PEOPLE. SARAH HUCKABEE LIES EVERY SINGLE
SARAH HUCKABEE LIES EVERY SINGLE DAY.
DAY. YOU HAVE TO HAVE YOUR OWN BACK
YOU HAVE TO HAVE YOUR OWN BACK BECAUSE OTHERWISE YOU’LL LOOK
BECAUSE OTHERWISE YOU’LL LOOK BACK AND SEE 17 KNIVES IN YOUR
BACK AND SEE 17 KNIVES IN YOUR BACK.
BACK. >> IT LOOKS --
>> IT LOOKS -- >> IT’S NOT DISLOYALTY.
>> IT’S NOT DISLOYALTY. LET ME TELL YOU, CHUCK, IF I DID
LET ME TELL YOU, CHUCK, IF I DID NOT HAVE THIS RECORDING, PEOPLE
NOT HAVE THIS RECORDING, PEOPLE WOULD STILL BELIEVE THE FALSE
WOULD STILL BELIEVE THE FALSE INCREDIBLE STORY THAT I WAS
INCREDIBLE STORY THAT I WAS RUNNING AROUND THE WHITE
RUNNING AROUND THE WHITE HOUSE -- THE FALSE STORY THAT
HOUSE -- THE FALSE STORY THAT WAS TOLD BY A REPORTER AND
WAS TOLD BY A REPORTER AND REPEATED BY THIS NETWORK AND
REPEATED BY THIS NETWORK AND OTHER REPORTERS THAT I TRIED TO
OTHER REPORTERS THAT I TRIED TO CHARGE THE RESIDENCE AT THE
CHARGE THE RESIDENCE AT THE WHITE HOUSE.
WHITE HOUSE. THAT’S A LIE.
THAT’S A LIE. IF I DIDN’T HAVE THIS RECORDING,
IF I DIDN’T HAVE THIS RECORDING, LISTEN, PEOPLE WOULD STILL THINK
LISTEN, PEOPLE WOULD STILL THINK THAT I WAS TRYING TO SET OFF
THAT I WAS TRYING TO SET OFF ALARMS.
ALARMS. SO YES, I HAD TO PROTECT MYSELF
SO YES, I HAD TO PROTECT MYSELF AND I HAVE NO REGRET ABOUT IT.
AND I HAVE NO REGRET ABOUT IT. >> LET’S LISTEN TO THE
>> LET’S LISTEN TO THE RECORDING.
RECORDING. >> I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT TO
>> I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND THAT IF WE MAKE THIS
UNDERSTAND THAT IF WE MAKE THIS A FRIENDLY DEPARTURE, WE CAN ALL
A FRIENDLY DEPARTURE, WE CAN ALL BE -- YOU KNOW, YOU CAN LOOK AT
BE -- YOU KNOW, YOU CAN LOOK AT YOUR TIME HERE IN THE WHITE
YOUR TIME HERE IN THE WHITE HOUSE AS A YEAR OF SERVICE TO
HOUSE AS A YEAR OF SERVICE TO THE NATION.
THE NATION. AND THEN YOU CAN GO ON WITHOUT
AND THEN YOU CAN GO ON WITHOUT ANY TYPE OF DIFFICULTY IN THE
ANY TYPE OF DIFFICULTY IN THE FUTURE RELATIVE TO YOUR
FUTURE RELATIVE TO YOUR REPUTATION.
REPUTATION. >> HOW DID YOU TAKE THAT COMMENT
>> HOW DID YOU TAKE THAT COMMENT ABOUT YOUR REPUTATION?
ABOUT YOUR REPUTATION? >> IT’S VERY OBVIOUS A THREAT.
>> IT’S VERY OBVIOUS A THREAT. HE GOES ON TO SAY THAT THINGS
HE GOES ON TO SAY THAT THINGS CAN GET UGLY FOR YOU.
CAN GET UGLY FOR YOU. THE CHIEF OF STAFF OF THE UNITED
THE CHIEF OF STAFF OF THE UNITED STATES UNDER THE DIRECTION OF
STATES UNDER THE DIRECTION OF THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES THREATENING ME ON DAMAGE
STATES THREATENING ME ON DAMAGE TO MY REPUTATION AND THINGS
TO MY REPUTATION AND THINGS GETTING UGLY FOR ME.
GETTING UGLY FOR ME. THAT’S DOWNRIGHT CRIMINAL.
THAT’S DOWNRIGHT CRIMINAL. IF I DIDN’T HAVE THE RECORDINGS
IF I DIDN’T HAVE THE RECORDINGS NO ONE IN AMERICA WOULD BELIEVE
NO ONE IN AMERICA WOULD BELIEVE ME.
ME. SO I PROTECTED AND I’M GOING TO
SO I PROTECTED AND I’M GOING TO TELL YOU I’M SO GLAD I DID.
TELL YOU I’M SO GLAD I DID. WE CAN PUT TO BED ALL THE FALSE
WE CAN PUT TO BED ALL THE FALSE RUMORS THAT THAT ONE REPORTER
RUMORS THAT THAT ONE REPORTER STATED AND THE FALSE REPORTS
STATED AND THE FALSE REPORTS SPREAD AROUND BY THE MEDIA.
SPREAD AROUND BY THE MEDIA. >> ALL RIGHT.
>> ALL RIGHT. LET ME PLAY THE PORTION WHERE
LET ME PLAY THE PORTION WHERE YOU JUMP IN AND HAVE A
YOU JUMP IN AND HAVE A CONVERSATION WITH --
CONVERSATION WITH -- >> CAN I ASK YOU A COUPLE
>> CAN I ASK YOU A COUPLE QUESTIONS?
QUESTIONS? IS THE PRESIDENT AWARE OF THIS?
IS THE PRESIDENT AWARE OF THIS? >> LET’S NO GO DOWN THE ROAD.
>> LET’S NO GO DOWN THE ROAD. THIS IS A NON-NEGOTIABLE
THIS IS A NON-NEGOTIABLE DISCUSSION.
DISCUSSION. >> I NEVER HAD A CHANCE TO TALK
>> I NEVER HAD A CHANCE TO TALK TO YOU, GENERAL KELLY.
TO YOU, GENERAL KELLY. SO IF THIS IS MY DEPARTURE I
SO IF THIS IS MY DEPARTURE I WANT AN OPPORTUNITY TO
WANT AN OPPORTUNITY TO UNDERSTAND --
UNDERSTAND -- >> WE CAN TALK ANOTHER TIME.
>> WE CAN TALK ANOTHER TIME. THIS HAS TO DO WITH SERIOUS
THIS HAS TO DO WITH SERIOUS INTEGRITY VIOLATIONS SO I’LL LET
INTEGRITY VIOLATIONS SO I’LL LET IT GO AT THAT.
IT GO AT THAT. THIS STAFF AND EVERYONE ON THIS
THIS STAFF AND EVERYONE ON THIS STAFF WORKS FOR ME, NOT THE
STAFF WORKS FOR ME, NOT THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. >> YOU HAVE MADE NO BONES
>> YOU HAVE MADE NO BONES ABOUT -- YOU HAVE A LOT OF
ABOUT -- YOU HAVE A LOT OF TAPES.
TAPES. >> WAIT.
>> WAIT. HE JUST SAID THE STAFF AND
HE JUST SAID THE STAFF AND EVERYBODY WORKS FOR HIM, NOT THE
EVERYBODY WORKS FOR HIM, NOT THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. YOU DON’T HAVE A PROBLEM WITH
YOU DON’T HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THAT, CHUCK?
THAT, CHUCK? >> FOR WHAT IT’S WORTH, MANY
>> FOR WHAT IT’S WORTH, MANY WHITE HOUSES ARE LIKE THAT.
WHITE HOUSES ARE LIKE THAT. >> DONALD TRUMP HAS NO IDEA
>> DONALD TRUMP HAS NO IDEA WHAT’S GOING ON IN THE WHITE
WHAT’S GOING ON IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. >> HE DID NOT KNOW THAT MINUTE
>> HE DID NOT KNOW THAT MINUTE THAT YOU --
THAT YOU -- >> NO, I KNOW HE KNOWS BECAUSE I
>> NO, I KNOW HE KNOWS BECAUSE I HAVE TALKED TO HIM SUBSEQUENTLY.
HAVE TALKED TO HIM SUBSEQUENTLY. HE SAID HE DELEGATED.
HE SAID HE DELEGATED. I DELEGATED.
I DELEGATED. SO HE KNEW.
SO HE KNEW. HE KNEW THAT JOHN KELLY WAS
HE KNEW THAT JOHN KELLY WAS GOING TO TAKE ME INTO THE
GOING TO TAKE ME INTO THE SITUATION ROOM AND LOCK ME IN
SITUATION ROOM AND LOCK ME IN THERE, THREATEN ME AND SAY THAT
THERE, THREATEN ME AND SAY THAT THINGS WERE GOING TO GET UGLY
THINGS WERE GOING TO GET UGLY FOR ME.
FOR ME. THERE WOULD BE DAMAGE TO ME
THERE WOULD BE DAMAGE TO ME REPUTATION, YOU KNOW WHAT, THE
REPUTATION, YOU KNOW WHAT, THE NEXT DAY THERE WAS DAMAGE TO MY
NEXT DAY THERE WAS DAMAGE TO MY REPUTATION BECAUSE THEY USED AND
REPUTATION BECAUSE THEY USED AND EXPLOITED AN AFRICAN-AMERICAN
EXPLOITED AN AFRICAN-AMERICAN REPORTER TO SAY I WAS RUNNING
REPORTER TO SAY I WAS RUNNING AROUND THE RESIDENCE AND TRYING
AROUND THE RESIDENCE AND TRYING TO BREAK INTO THE CHRISTMAS
TO BREAK INTO THE CHRISTMAS PARTY WHICH IS LUDICROUS, CHUCK.
PARTY WHICH IS LUDICROUS, CHUCK. IT IS UNACCEPTABLE.
IT IS UNACCEPTABLE. THAT’S THE WAY THESE FOLKS
THAT’S THE WAY THESE FOLKS OPERATE.
OPERATE. WHEN HE SAID THAT PEOPLE ANSWER
WHEN HE SAID THAT PEOPLE ANSWER TO HIM AND NOT THE PRESIDENT,
TO HIM AND NOT THE PRESIDENT, THAT SHOULD BE CONCERNING FOR
THAT SHOULD BE CONCERNING FOR EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN THAT HEARS
EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN THAT HEARS ABOUT THIS.
ABOUT THIS. >> LET ME ASK YOU ABOUT THE
>> LET ME ASK YOU ABOUT THE INTEGRITY ISSUES THAT HE BROUGHT
INTEGRITY ISSUES THAT HE BROUGHT UP.
UP. IF THE WHITE HOUSE ASKED FOR
IF THE WHITE HOUSE ASKED FOR PERMISSION TO RELEASE YOUR
PERMISSION TO RELEASE YOUR FILE --
FILE -- >> I WOULD LOVE FOR THEM TO DO
>> I WOULD LOVE FOR THEM TO DO IT.
IT. I’M SAYING THIS LIGHT RIGHT HERE
I’M SAYING THIS LIGHT RIGHT HERE ON "MEET THE PRESS" --
ON "MEET THE PRESS" -- >> RELEASE THE HR FILE OF
>> RELEASE THE HR FILE OF WHATEVER VIOLATION --
WHATEVER VIOLATION -- >> PLEASE, LET’S BRING IT ALL TO
>> PLEASE, LET’S BRING IT ALL TO LIGHT.
LIGHT. I’M SAYING RIGHT HERE ON "MEET
I’M SAYING RIGHT HERE ON "MEET THE PRESS," YOU TOOK A CAR TO
THE PRESS," YOU TOOK A CAR TO THE NATIONAL BASEBALL GAME --
THE NATIONAL BASEBALL GAME -- >> SO IF THE WHITE HOUSE
>> SO IF THE WHITE HOUSE RELEASED THE --
RELEASED THE -- >> RELEASE IT.
>> RELEASE IT. ABSOLUTELY.
ABSOLUTELY. >> TRANSGRESSION THAT JOHN
>> TRANSGRESSION THAT JOHN KELLY --
KELLY -- >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. BECAUSE IN THE SAME BREATH, ROB
BECAUSE IN THE SAME BREATH, ROB PORTER IS ACCUSED OF ALLEGEDLY
PORTER IS ACCUSED OF ALLEGEDLY ABUSING HIS WIVES AND YOU KNOW
ABUSING HIS WIVES AND YOU KNOW WHAT KELLY SAID, HE’S A MAN OF
WHAT KELLY SAID, HE’S A MAN OF GREAT INTEGRITY.
GREAT INTEGRITY. HE’S ACCUSING ME OF INTEGRITY
HE’S ACCUSING ME OF INTEGRITY VIOLATIONS.
VIOLATIONS. I’M SAYING, PLEASE RELEASE IT SO
I’M SAYING, PLEASE RELEASE IT SO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO SEE I
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO SEE I WORKED MY BUTT OFF TO WORK FOR
WORKED MY BUTT OFF TO WORK FOR THE COUNTRY AND THEY WERE
THE COUNTRY AND THEY WERE LOOKING FOR WAYS TO FRAME ME AND
LOOKING FOR WAYS TO FRAME ME AND THEY TRIED TO BUY OFF MY SILENCE
THEY TRIED TO BUY OFF MY SILENCE WHICH IS ALSO UNLAWFUL.
WHICH IS ALSO UNLAWFUL. >> I WANT TO GET TO THAT IN A
>> I WANT TO GET TO THAT IN A SECOND.
SECOND. BUT THE DAILY BEAST IN 2017 --
BUT THE DAILY BEAST IN 2017 -- >> ARE WE REALLY QUOTING THE
>> ARE WE REALLY QUOTING THE DAILY BEAST ON "MEET THE PRESS"?
DAILY BEAST ON "MEET THE PRESS"? >> I WANT TO ASK YOU THIS.
>> I WANT TO ASK YOU THIS. IT SAYS YOU WERE CALLED THE MOST
IT SAYS YOU WERE CALLED THE MOST DESPISED PERSON IN THE WHITE
DESPISED PERSON IN THE WHITE HOUSE, THAT YOU’D HIJACK THE
HOUSE, THAT YOU’D HIJACK THE WHITE HOUSE.
WHITE HOUSE. COULD THAT BE WHY JOHN KELLY
COULD THAT BE WHY JOHN KELLY FIRED YOU?
FIRED YOU? >> AT LEAST THEY DIDN’T CALL ME
>> AT LEAST THEY DIDN’T CALL ME THE COFFEE GIRL.
THE COFFEE GIRL. THAT’S THE GO TO EXCUSE WHEN
THAT’S THE GO TO EXCUSE WHEN THEY MISTREAT PEOPLE.
THEY MISTREAT PEOPLE. PEOPLE DESPISE THAT I WAS CLOSE
PEOPLE DESPISE THAT I WAS CLOSE TO THE PRESIDENT THAT I HAD
TO THE PRESIDENT THAT I HAD ACCESS TO HIM, THAT I TALKED TO
ACCESS TO HIM, THAT I TALKED TO HIM OFTEN AND INFLUENCED HIS
HIM OFTEN AND INFLUENCED HIS POLICY MAKING.
POLICY MAKING. LY ADMIT TO YOU THERE WERE -- I
LY ADMIT TO YOU THERE WERE -- I WILL ADMIT TO YOU THAT TIMES
WILL ADMIT TO YOU THAT TIMES THAT DONALD TRUMP WOULD ASK ME
THAT DONALD TRUMP WOULD ASK ME TO DO THINGS THAT WERE BIZARRE.
TO DO THINGS THAT WERE BIZARRE. HE SAID, GO PULL AN ARTICLE
HE SAID, GO PULL AN ARTICLE ABOUT JOE SCARBOROUGH AND MIKA.
ABOUT JOE SCARBOROUGH AND MIKA. HE WAS WORKING AROUND THE PEOPLE
HE WAS WORKING AROUND THE PEOPLE WHO WOULD --
WHO WOULD -- >> AND THE NEGATIVE COVERAGE --
>> AND THE NEGATIVE COVERAGE -- >> WHEN THE PRESIDENT CALLS YOU
>> WHEN THE PRESIDENT CALLS YOU AND SAYS GET THIS AND THAT FOR
AND SAYS GET THIS AND THAT FOR YOU, YES, I DID IT.
YOU, YES, I DID IT. YES, I WAS ONE OF THE PEOPLE
YES, I WAS ONE OF THE PEOPLE FEEDING HIM THE THINGS HE’S
FEEDING HIM THE THINGS HE’S ASKED FOR, BECAUSE HE’S THE
ASKED FOR, BECAUSE HE’S THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. WHEN HE CALLS AND ASKS, YOU
WHEN HE CALLS AND ASKS, YOU ANSWER.
ANSWER. >> YOU TALKED ABOUT YOU WERE
>> YOU TALKED ABOUT YOU WERE OFFERED A JOB ON THE CAMPAIGN.
OFFERED A JOB ON THE CAMPAIGN. YOU HAVE SHOWN ME THE E-MAIL
YOU HAVE SHOWN ME THE E-MAIL OFFER, I HAVE READ THE OFFER
OFFER, I HAVE READ THE OFFER THAT YOU RECEIVED FROM LARA
THAT YOU RECEIVED FROM LARA TRUMP.
TRUMP. >> IT WASN’T FROM LARA TRUMP.
>> IT WASN’T FROM LARA TRUMP. IT WAS E-MAILED FROM THE
IT WAS E-MAILED FROM THE CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. >> FROM THE CAMPAIGN.
>> FROM THE CAMPAIGN. >> YES.
>> YES. >> AND I WANT TO PUT UP THE
>> AND I WANT TO PUT UP THE NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT HERE.
NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT HERE. IT IS A VERY STRINGENT ONE.
IT IS A VERY STRINGENT ONE. IT SAID THIS, THE NO
IT SAID THIS, THE NO DISPARAGEMENT CLAUSE DURING THE
DISPARAGEMENT CLAUSE DURING THE TERM OF YOUR SERVICE AND AFTER,
TERM OF YOUR SERVICE AND AFTER, YOU AGREE NOT TO DISPARAGE THE
YOU AGREE NOT TO DISPARAGE THE CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. MR. TRUMP, MR. PENCE.
MR. TRUMP, MR. PENCE. ANY TRUMP OR PENCE COMPANY.
ANY TRUMP OR PENCE COMPANY. ANY TRUMP OR PENCE FAMILY
ANY TRUMP OR PENCE FAMILY MEMBER.
MEMBER. ANY TRUMP OR PENCE FAMILY MEMBER
ANY TRUMP OR PENCE FAMILY MEMBER COMPANY OR AN ASSET, ANY OF THE
COMPANY OR AN ASSET, ANY OF THE FOREGOING -- BY THE WAY TO AVOID
FOREGOING -- BY THE WAY TO AVOID ANY DOUBT AT THE BOTTOM OF THE
ANY DOUBT AT THE BOTTOM OF THE GRAPH, YOU AGREE THAT THIS SHALL
GRAPH, YOU AGREE THAT THIS SHALL SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THIS
SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO PARAGRAPH
AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO PARAGRAPH 10.
10. DID YOU THINK THEY WERE OFFERING
DID YOU THINK THEY WERE OFFERING YOU A REAL JOB ON THE CAMPAIGN
YOU A REAL JOB ON THE CAMPAIGN OR DID THEY WANT YOU TO SIGN
OR DID THEY WANT YOU TO SIGN THIS AGREEMENT?
THIS AGREEMENT? >> THEY WERE NOT OFFERING A REAL
>> THEY WERE NOT OFFERING A REAL JOB.
JOB. THEY TOLD ME I COULD WORK FROM
THEY TOLD ME I COULD WORK FROM HOME IF I WANTED TO WORK.
HOME IF I WANTED TO WORK. THEY DIDN’T REALLY CARE IF I
THEY DIDN’T REALLY CARE IF I SHOWED UP.
SHOWED UP. IN FACT, THERE ARE SEVERAL
IN FACT, THERE ARE SEVERAL FORMER EMPLOYEES FROM THE WHITE
FORMER EMPLOYEES FROM THE WHITE HOUSE WHO ACTUALLY SIGNED THIS
HOUSE WHO ACTUALLY SIGNED THIS AGREEMENT.
AGREEMENT. WHO ARE ALL BEING PAID $15,000
WHO ARE ALL BEING PAID $15,000 FOR THEIR SILENCE.
FOR THEIR SILENCE. THE ONLY REASON "UNHINGED" --
THE ONLY REASON "UNHINGED" -- >> YOU BELIEVE ALL THE PEOPLE ON
>> YOU BELIEVE ALL THE PEOPLE ON THE CAMPAIGN ARE BEING -- THAT
THE CAMPAIGN ARE BEING -- THAT LEFT THE WEST WING OF THE
LEFT THE WEST WING OF THE CAMPAIGN ARE BEING BOUGHT OFF?
CAMPAIGN ARE BEING BOUGHT OFF? >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. THE CAMPAIGN THE RNC AND WHICH
THE CAMPAIGN THE RNC AND WHICH IS WHY SEAN SPICER DESCRIBED THE
IS WHY SEAN SPICER DESCRIBED THE PRESIDENT AS A UNICORN JUMPING
PRESIDENT AS A UNICORN JUMPING OVER RAINBOWS.
OVER RAINBOWS. HE SIGNED THIS AGREEMENT.
HE SIGNED THIS AGREEMENT. >> YOU READ "THE ART OF THE
>> YOU READ "THE ART OF THE DEAL" AND HE SAID THE FINAL KEY
DEAL" AND HE SAID THE FINAL KEY IS THE WAY I PROMOTE IS BRA HAVE
IS THE WAY I PROMOTE IS BRA HAVE A DOE.
A DOE. I CALL IT WHY BER BOLEY.
I CALL IT WHY BER BOLEY. WHEN YOU HAVE DONALD TRUMP
WHEN YOU HAVE DONALD TRUMP CHEWING UP A PIECE OF PAIN, IS
CHEWING UP A PIECE OF PAIN, IS THIS HYPERBOLE?
THIS HYPERBOLE? >> NO, PEOPLE SHOULD BE ASKING
>> NO, PEOPLE SHOULD BE ASKING WHAT DID DONALD TRUMP AND
WHAT DID DONALD TRUMP AND MICHAEL COHEN DISCUSS TO MAKE
MICHAEL COHEN DISCUSS TO MAKE HIM SO IRRITATED TO RIP UP THE
HIM SO IRRITATED TO RIP UP THE PAPER THAT WAS IN FRONT OF HIM
PAPER THAT WAS IN FRONT OF HIM AND THEN PUT IT IN HIS MOUTH?
AND THEN PUT IT IN HIS MOUTH? THAT’S THE QUESTION THAT THE
THAT’S THE QUESTION THAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SHOULD BE
AMERICAN PEOPLE SHOULD BE ASKING.
ASKING. WHAT WENT DOWN IN THE OVAL
WHAT WENT DOWN IN THE OVAL OFFICE.
OFFICE. >> ALL RIGHT.
>> ALL RIGHT. WHAT DO YOU WANT PEOPLE TO TAKE
WHAT DO YOU WANT PEOPLE TO TAKE AWAY FROM THE BOOK?
AWAY FROM THE BOOK? >> I NEED PERSON TO UNDERSTAND
>> I NEED PERSON TO UNDERSTAND MY JOURNEY.
MY JOURNEY. I TALK ABOUT GROWING UP IN THE
I TALK ABOUT GROWING UP IN THE PROJECTS, I TALK ABOUT MY FATHER
PROJECTS, I TALK ABOUT MY FATHER BEING MURDERED.
BEING MURDERED. MY BEAUTIFUL MOTHER WHO ALLOWED
MY BEAUTIFUL MOTHER WHO ALLOWED ME TO GO ON AND GET EDUCATED AND
ME TO GO ON AND GET EDUCATED AND LIVE AN INCREDIBLE LIFE.
LIVE AN INCREDIBLE LIFE. THIS STORY ISN’T A STORY THAT
THIS STORY ISN’T A STORY THAT YOU WOULD HEAR IF IN FACT I
YOU WOULD HEAR IF IN FACT I SIGNED THAT AGREEMENT.
SIGNED THAT AGREEMENT. THIS IS A STORY THAT YOU HAVE TO
THIS IS A STORY THAT YOU HAVE TO HEAR BECAUSE IT’S THE EMBODIMENT
HEAR BECAUSE IT’S THE EMBODIMENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM.
OF THE AMERICAN DREAM. >> DO YOU REGRET AUDITIONING FOR
>> DO YOU REGRET AUDITIONING FOR "THE APPRENTICE"?
"THE APPRENTICE"? >> NO, IT CHANGED MY LIFE.
>> NO, IT CHANGED MY LIFE. I WOULDN’T HAVE GOTTEN A CHANCE
I WOULDN’T HAVE GOTTEN A CHANCE TO KNOW YOU AND OTHERS IN MY
TO KNOW YOU AND OTHERS IN MY LIFE.
LIFE. I DON’T REGRET IT OUT ALL.